aura api cloning (#475)
neo4j/docs-aura: modules/ROOT/pages/platform/security/encryption.adoc

=== Clone an instance protected by CMK

To clone an instance protected by a Customer Managed Key, the key must be valid and available to Aura.

> If the same CMK does not exist in the destination region and product, the cloned instance must be encrypted with an available CMK for that region and product, which you can choose.

Reviewer: What is it that you can choose? the key, the region, the product?

It is best practice to use the same Customer Managed Key as the instance it’s being cloned from. 
You can override this to use another Customer Managed Key - but you can not use the Neo4j Managed Key.

When cloning an instance that is encrypted with a Customer Managed Key, specific restrictions apply when using the API.

> Below are the details and error messages that you may encounter depending on the cloning method and key configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below are the details and possible errors that you may encounter depending on the cloning method and key configurations.
```

.Summary of cloning restrictions
|===

> | Cloning method   | Destination key            | Result

Reviewer: The column _Destination key_ is misleading. I see what you are trying to say, but either change the title of the column or how you phrase the contents.
